Contributions to M-Stack will require a signed copy of the Individual
Contributor License Agreement (ICLA) which is present in this directory. 
This contributor agreement is borrowed from the Apache Software Foundation,
and modified to suit this project.

When you contribute the first time, a maintainer will send you the ICLA. 
Replying with the information requested and the text "I Agree" is
sufficient.  The information requested can be in one block at the top of the
email; the form doesn't have to be filled out in the traditional sense.

Each patch sent to this project requires a sign-off in the commit message,
certifying that the person who submitted it either wrote it or has
authorization to pass it on as Open Source software. A sign-off line looks
like the following:

Signed-off-by: Alan Ott <alan@signal11.us>

Place the sign-off as the last line of your commit message. The sign-off
indicates that you agree to the Developer's Certificate of Origin, which was
created for the Linux kernel.  Its text follows:

        Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

        By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

        (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
            have the right to submit it under the open source license
            indicated in the file; or

        (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
            of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
            license and I have the right under that license to submit that
            work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
            by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
            permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
            in the file; or

        (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
            person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
            it.

	(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
	    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
	    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
	    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
	    this project or the open source license(s) involved.


Thank you for your contributions to M-Stack!

Alan.
